1. Explain DAX.
DAX is a collection of functions, operators, and constants that can be used in a formula, or expression, to calculate and return one or more values.
Stated more simply, DAX helps you create new information from data already in your model.

2. Explain datasets, reports, and dashboards and how they relate to each other?
Datasets: A Power BI Dataset is a series of Power Query queries that have been shaped in a DAX model. 
Each dataset can combine different files, database tables and online services all into one tabular model.

Reports: A power BI report is a series of visualizations, filters and static elements on a canvas.
Power BI reports are saved as a single PBIX file and connect to a single dataset. Remember, a Power BI dataset can have many data sources.

Dashboards: In Power BI, dashboards are a way of pulling together visualizations from various reports. 
When you think dashboard, you are probably thinking something like Microsoft’s definition: 
“A Power BI dashboard is a single page, often called a canvas, that uses visualizations to tell a story. 
Because it is limited to one page, a well-designed dashboard contains only the most-important elements of that story.”

3. How reports can be created in power BI, explain two ways with Navigation of each.
Create a data source
Run a transformation (Optional)
Create a query or data model
Pick a visualization
Select fields
Arrange visualization on dashboard
We can navigate between two reports by creating a button,bookmark and action should be turned on for selection of bookmark created.

4. How to connect to data in Power BI? How to use the content pack to connect to google analytics? Mention the steps.
Step1 - Get Data
Step2 - From the drop-down menu, click More…
Step3 - In the Get Data window, click Other. From the list of other data sources, click Google Analytics, and then click Connect.
Step4- Read the information about connecting to a third-party service, and then click Continue.
Step5 - Google Analytics asks Power BI Desktop for permission to connect to your data. Click Accept.
Step6 - Power BI Desktop shows that you’re signed in to Google Analytics. To load your Google Analytics data, click Connect.
Step7 - Power BI Desktop loads the Google Analytics data. Now you can start creating your amazing dynamic reports.

5. How to import Local files in Power BI? Mention the Steps.
  Step1 - In Power BI, click Get Data in the lower left screen.
  Step2 - Under Import or Connect to Data > Files, click Get.
  Step3 - Click Local File.
  Step4 - Choose which file to upload and click Open.
  Step5 - Click Upload under Upload your Excel file to Power BI.
  
6. In Power BI visualization, what are Reading View and Editing view?
The Power BI service has two different modes for interacting with reports: 
Reading view for report business users and Editing view for report owners and creators. 
You need a Power BI Pro or Premium Per User (PPU) license to share reports and to edit reports created by others. 
Without a Pro or Premium Per User (PPU) license, you can still create reports in your My Workspace, but you can't share them.
In report Editing view, you have flexibility in both exploring and designing a report. All the Reading view functionality is available plus much more.

