1. Explain the advantages of Natural Queries in PowerBi with an example?
ANS->     Simplifying employee access to BI data
          Driving deeper business insights
          Reducing confusion about analytics results
          Applying structure to unstructured data
     A common example of unstructured data is social media data on a company's brand. 
     Business executives want to know what people are saying and how they feel about the brand.
     NLP can both categorize social media mentions by topic and analyze the sentiments in posts.
 
 2. Explain Web Front End(WFE) cluster from Power BI Service Architecture?
 ANS-> The WFE cluster uses Azure AD to authenticate clients, and provide tokens for subsequent client connections to the Power BI service. 
 Power BI uses the Azure Traffic Manager (Traffic Manager) to direct user traffic to the nearest datacenter. 
 Traffic Manager directs requests using the DNS record of the client attempting to connect, authenticate, and to download static content and files.
 Power BI uses the Azure Content Delivery Network (CDN) to efficiently distribute the necessary static content and files to users based on geographical locale.
 
 3. Explain Back End cluster from Power BI Service Architecture?
 ANS-> The Back-End cluster determines how authenticated clients interact with the Power BI service. 
 The Back-End cluster manages visualizations, user dashboards, datasets, reports, data storage, data connections, data refresh, 
 and other aspects of interacting with the Power BI service. 
 The Gateway Role acts as a gateway between user requests and the Power BI service. 
 Users don't interact directly with any roles other than the Gateway Role. Azure API Management eventually handles the Gateway Role.
 
 4. What ASP.NET component does in Power BI Service Architecture?
 ANS-> Power BI Embedded is a big help for ISV company. 
 ISV company can embed Power BI reports in a custom ASP.NET application and then create users and passwords as part of the application. 
 The username and password of the application are not Power BI users, of course. Everyone who has access to that page can consume the report.
 
 5. Compare Microsoft Excel and PowerBi Desktop on the following features:
Data import
Data transformation
Modeling
Reporting
Server Deployment
Convert Models
Cost
ANS-> Data import- Import of data are more flexible in powerbi as compared to MS-Excel.

      Data transformation- Excel is used to organize data, transform it and perform mathematical operations and calculations. 
      On the other hand, Power BI was conceived as a business intelligence and data visualization tool for businesses. 
      Excel has limitations in the amount of data it can work with.
      
      Modeling- Excel mainly supports simple modeling while powerbi can support complex modelling.
      
      Reporting- More visually appealing, customized, appealing, and interactive reporting.
      While ms-excel reports are simpler and less appealing than those in Power BI.
      
      Server Deployment- Deployment is slightly easier in powerbi as compared to ms-excel.
      
      Convert Models- We can easily convert models in powerbi as compared to excel.
      
      Cost- Power BI Desktop is free to download and use for personal use while we already have Excel, 
      we need to spend additional money to procure this and build dashboards. 
      
   6. List 20 data sources supported by Power Bi desktop.
   ANS-> Data sources supported by PowerBi desktop are:
   
         Excel Workbook
         Text/CSV
         XML
         JSON
         Folder
         PDF
         Parquet
         SharePoint folder
         SQL Server database
         Access database
         Oracle Database
         Snowflake
         MariaDB
         Hadoop file
         Spark
         R script
         Python
         ODBC
         BI Connector
         Solver

      
      

