1. What do you mean by BI? Explain.
ANS->Business intelligence (BI) is a technology-driven process for analyzing data and delivering actionable information that helps executives, 
managers and workers make informed business decisions. As part of the BI process, organizations collect data from internal IT systems and external sources, 
prepare it for analysis, run queries against the data and create data visualizations, 
BI dashboards and reports to make the analytics results available to business users for operational decision-making and strategic planning.

2. How Power-BI helps in BI, and how does it help Analysts? Explain.
 is a range of software services, apps, and connectors that work in conjunction to turn unrelated data sources into insights that are cohesive, interactive, and 
 visually immersive. The data may be a collection of cloud-based data warehouses, on-premise hybrid data warehouses, or an Excel spreadsheet. 
 ANS->The Power BI tool allows easy connection to the data sources;  it also allows the visualization and identification of what is important, and share that with anyone.
 
 3. Explain Descriptive analytics?
 ANS-> Descriptive analytics is a statistical method that is used to search and summarize historical data in order to identify patterns or meaning.

For learning analytics, this is a reflective analysis of learner data and is meant to provide insight into 
historical patterns of behaviors and performance in online learning environments.

For example, in an online learning course with a discussion board, descriptive analytics could determine how many students participated in the discussion,
or how many times a particular student posted in the discussion forum.

4. Explain Predictive analytics?
ANS-> Predictive analytics is a significant analytical approach used by many firms to assess risk, forecast future business trends, 
and predict when maintenance is required. 
Data scientists use historical data as their source and utilize various regression models and machine learning techniques to detect patterns and trends in the data.

5. Explain perspective analytics?
ANS-> Prescriptive analytics is a type of data analytics that attempts to answer the question "What do we need to do to achieve this?" 
It involves the use of technology to help businesses make better decisions through the analysis of raw data. 
Prescriptive analytics specifically factors information about possible situations or scenarios, available resources, past performance, 
and current performance, and suggests a course of action or strategy. It can be used to make decisions on any time horizon, 
from immediate to long-term. It is the opposite of descriptive analytics, which examines decisions and outcomes after the fact.

6. Write five real-life questions that PowerBi can solve.
ANS-> 
Waiting On Figures. ...
Using Data From Old Reports. ...
Excessive Time Spent Preparing For Presentations. ...
Being Unable To Find Specific Data Sets. ...
Not Being Able To Determine Your Level Of Success.
