1. What are modules in VBA and describe in detail the importance of
creating a module?
A module is the fundamental syntactic unit of VBA source code. 
The physical representation of a module is implementation dependent but logically a VBA module is a sequence of Unicode characters 
that conform to the VBA language grammars. 
A module consists of two parts: a module header and a module body.
To insert a new module into your code, click on the Insert option on the menu bar, and click Module.
Or, click on the Insert Module button which you will find on the standard ribbon.
To insert a new user form into your code, select the UserForm option.
A new UserForm will appear in the Project Explorer and will be shown in the Code Window on the right.
You can also insert a Class Module.

2. What is Class Module and what is the difference between a Class
Module and a Module?
A standard module can store procedures and functions which can be either Private or Public (the default)
and can be accessed either from within that module only (Private) or from anywhere in the project (Public). 
Modules are also used to store variables, constants and declarations (i.e. API calls) that will need to be accessed from anywhere in the project.

Class modules allow you to create your own objects which can have their own properties and methods like any other object (range, worksheet, Excel, chart, blah, blah).

3. What are Procedures? What is a Function Procedure and a Property
Procedure?
A procedure is a block of Visual Basic statements inside Sub, End Sub statements. Procedures do not return values.
A property procedure is a series of Visual Basic statements that manipulate a custom property on a module, class, or structure. 
Property procedures are also known as property accessors.

A Function procedure is a series of Visual Basic statements enclosed by the Function and End Function statements. 
The Function procedure performs a task and then returns control to the calling code. 
When it returns control, it also returns a value to the calling code.

4. What is a sub procedure and what are all the parts of a sub procedure
and when are they used?
A Sub procedure is a series of Visual Basic statements enclosed by the Sub and End Sub statements. 
The Sub procedure performs a task and then returns control to the calling code, but it does not return a value to the calling code.
--Declaration syntax
--Parameter declaration
--Calling syntax

5. How do you add comments in a VBA code? How do you add multiple
lines of comments in a VBA code?
To add comments in a VBA code we use Apostrophe( ‘ ) .
To add multiple lines of comments we have to select the statement and to put Apostrophe( ‘ ).
